Thank you, thank you, Thapa. This is a new book. I think maybe many of you already saw. This is
called "Liberating the Duality with Wisdom Display."
It's a Kinti Parthikarambhutji, and I also again, I had always go under His wings, so I had the
opportunity to be with Him and think about these teachings.
And so many years ago and then recently, they already is quite added, but recently Thapa, I think,
I mean, they work hard and to finish this on this special day.
It's the honor of His Holiness Dudjom Rinpoche. And there's also a lot of prayers.
So thank you for the prayers of His Holiness Dudjom Rinpoche, Austin Chintze, and the great Master
Maha Rinpoche, and so forth.
Thank you, thank you very much. This is called "Liberating the Duality with Wisdom Display."
Actually, why we said it, always the Kinti Parthikarambhutji says the activity of the Murbhi Masamb
hava is not just a kind of, commonly can be easy to understand it.
Murbhi Masambhava fly in the sky and transform all the like waters into the vines and holding the
motion of the earth until it stops the sun setting.
And so his line of activities in the teachings says that we immediately kind of like can't believe,
blow waves out.
But however, if you don't have a good color, we go out of the duality boundaries, then everything
is open.
Stadom is not just limited, the playground, playground is not limited, the playground is green.
You can play all kinds of things and therefore then everything can be done, walking in the sky or
walking on the water and transforming water into fire, fire in the water and the stone in the gold,
gold in the stone.
I mean you can do all different things every year out of duality frame.
And this is what the Murbhi Masambhava is just for you. So they use the title as a liberating dual
ity with the wisdom, this place. That's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you again. Thanks for coming. Thank you.